- I was confused because many cars were parked outside today... apparently it is prom and the house across the street invited many people over so they could ... go to prom? The weather is rainy and cold. I'm a little happy to think that everyone's prom clothes got wet. 
- My friends and I got a dress up game because... why not? (Yes, I am in high school, and I play this dress up game, because this game is actually fun, and you can attack people) My friend Allan has received the most friend requests out of all of us (which first made me a little jealous since I have not received any except automated FaceBook Friends), but I am happy because looking at the usernames and outfits, those people are most likely old men weebs. 
- About two or three months ago, my friend Daniel tried to copy my drawing, and he was really bad. I joked about it, and said "you should stop drawing". Today, he showed us a recent drawing, and it was INCREDIBLE! I was really proud that he improved so much in such a short amount of time... I feel kind of bad for telling him to stop. 
- Daniel's drawing... was fake Σ(･口･). He copied a photo from the internet and drew over it... he was trying to impress my friends and me! I told him it was okay though since part of learning art is to copy things, and that when I started drawing, I copied everything until I got good at it. 
- My friends and I love playing hide and go seek... but I've learned over time that I am too good at this game, and hiding with another person who gets found always results in them leading others away from my spot, and then I'm hiding for forever and it's lonely and dark and scary. Or sometimes because I'm so good at this game, people want to hide with me and it becomes like Sardines or some shit. I hide very well that one time my friend Allan had to double check that I was not in a small, cylinder Jenga Box. My secret most of the time is to either 1: Hide in plain sight in a spot that no one suspects or 2: HIDE DAMN WELL, TRAPPED IN DARKNESS. Today I "hid" on the kitchen countertop eating rice, and no one found me for a disappointingly long time. I also hid underneath the stairwell for too long. It was very dark and I felt like I was being attacked whenever someone ran down the stairs. Also, the stairs acted as if there was no space between me and my friends, so when they talked, it sounded so clear and they were literally next to me, which was why I freaked them out when I revealed my spot and said "Hi, guys". Even after I said that, it took 3 open-door, close-door actions until I crawled out and everyone was mind blown. I was thinking, that if I'm ever in one of those overly dramatic teen fiction romance horror novels (which will most likely not happen), my friends and I would have to hide from a serial killer, and I have to comfort them and be like "It's okay... it's just like hide and go seek, remember?" and they'll be scared and we will all hide together or seperately and wait and our hearts are thumping and we'd occasionally hear footsteps and grunts and evil laughter and be scared out of our goddamn minds until *I come out as the hero and somehow save us all by challenging the killer to an intense dance battle, which is when we find out that the killer is my math teacher, and*– ... I have an imagination, okay? The point is... I'm good at this game. And whenever I'm with my friends, we normally play this game. It's thrilling. I want a movie based on this game. A horror film. That would be awesome! 
- I really really want to be in a horror film. It would be alright if I'm the main character lead, but I'd much rather want to be the monster, or thing feared. It seems really cool to scare people like that when I go walk on the street, I can just pretend I'm the scary thing, and they'll remember my movie and be terrified and it would be very very cool. Also, there aren't any Asian main leads, so I could be an inspiration to people my age and younger ... an inspiration not for them to become a monster, but for them to be brave and show people they exist and have talents. That would be cool. Sadly, I'm still struggling through my life and have not the luxury of giving motivational speeches to young Asians such as myself. 
