- (Thu, Jun 8, 2017) Since it was a half-day at school, my friends and I went to eat lunch together. Initially, there were three of us... but it grew to 10. We eventually had to split up based on what we wanted to eat because we have a friend who is white and who is also vegan and it is oftentimes a struggle to make jokes or complaints about white vegan christian women. 
	- After lunch, six of us went to my friend Andrew's house, where another joined (who was not part of the lunch group). We then proceeded to play extremely lit Super Smash Bros, where I kept dying first from falling off the arena, all of our names were a variation of the word "bitch" (mine was Dark Pit: BIIIIIIIIITCh; Luke's was Lucas: BITCHBOY; Kirsi's was Marth: bISh; and Nicole's was Lucina: BitchPls. Yuval and Andrew were being annoying and did not make thier names funny), and every single game was won by either Yuval (white, but not the vegan, who says overly sexual jokes), Luke (the hot-ass Asian who I low-key have a crush on, but every other Asian girl at school has a crush on him, so I have no chance, but today was actually ok since we were able to talk and I was screaming inside), or Andrew (the fat Asian that wears the same damn Pokemon hat everyday). There was... this FRIKIN CUTSCENE, whenever Luke (who always played as Lucas) won. Lucas has his back turned to the camera. He is playing with a stick. He then turns around in shock, mouth open. This is when I say, "OH NO, YOU SAW ME" and my white vegan friend goes, "with a stick". For the next two hours we tried to get the stick Lucas back to record this funny moment, but Andrew (fat Asian) once pressed the stop recording button right before we could do it, or Luke couldn't find the RIGHT LUCAS CUTSCENE, EVEN THOUGH I TOLD HIM IT WAS THE ONE WITH SILVER HAIR. 
 	- When two people left, we stopped playing Smash, and then played our favorite game: Hide and Go Seek. Now... Andrew's house is not the best place to play this game. However, I managed to hide underneath the staircase where no one found me until I responded to Luke and freaked people out. Another time, I just sat ontop of the kitchen counter, eating rice, where SADLY, NO ONE FOUND ME FOR A LONG TIME. I always end up hiding for too long. 
- (Fri, Jun 9, 2017) It was another half-day at school. Today I went to my friend Marlon's house with Daniel and Jessica. A smaller group, this time. Now... here's the thing: Jessica likes Daniel, Daniel likes me, and Jessica is one out of two of my best friends. So. This outing was a little bit more awkward. Anyway, we are all obsessed with drawing. I don't want to brag, but _flips hair_, I think out of me, Marlon, Daniel, and Jessica, I draw the best, but pshh whatever. Marlon has a very cute dog named Pingo, which I call Pringle just to annoy everyone. Pringle liked my nose twice and I was happy since he loves Jessica more. Jessica and Marlon played several video games. Daniel and I went to get fries, but after a while, we were still hungry, so Daniel made pasta... now... Daniel is known for being... vERY BAD AT COOKING. *Something*, IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT, just *SOMETHING* always goes wrong. This time, it was alright. It didn't really affect the food, but the fire alarm went off. Shortly after, it started thundering and raining and we all thought Daniel was cursed. 
	- When I had to be home, Jessica came with me. She saw my room... and wanted to clean it. *All* of it. This means my clothes, selves, desk... I hadn't cleaned my room since I moved into my house at the beginning of the year. My room actually turned out pretty nice at the end. Neither of us talked about Daniel. That's a more serious subject that will distract us from cleaning. Jessica had to leave at 7:30, but I was able to clean up the rest. 
 	- It's been less than 24 hours. My room is messy again. 
- (Sat, Jun 10, 2017) I went to my friend Allan's house for the first time. His grandfather is SO CUTE! He was more excited to have us over than Allan was. I think this is becuase Allan doesn't typically invite people over since he is a shady teen and now his grandfather knows he has friends. His grandfather made us ramen and dumplings, and could only speak in Mandarin, so he pointed at the dumplings and yells, "CHINA!" and points at the ramen and yells, "RIBEN!" (means "japan"). I also learned more about my shady friend Allan! His house is VERY CLEAN, and his room is neater than mine and he has a Rilakumma stuffed animal and I carried it around because I liked it so much. He also has a children's bedtime storybook titled, "Go the Fuck to Sleep", which is narrated by Sam Jackson on YouTube (which is GOLD). Allan also has an older sister (who was not there at the time) and her room is BEAUTIFUL, it's like she was living as a Princess (and then there's her wooden door which is kind of out of place but eh). So Allan, Kirsi, and I studied for a bit since finals are coming up like demons. 
	- After a while, we played with Nerf guns and attacked each other and got shot but recovery was 15 seconds and I made sacrifices to get more ammo. Allan and I had to team up against Kirsi, and we pretended we were fighting in the Korean War (which is still going on), and we were the Americans and South Koreans and Kirsi was a North Korean and her base was in Allan's room with more weapons while Allan and I were outside his room with more ammo. Kirsi was fortunately uneducated when it came to using a Nerf gun, so we had many 15-second victories. Kirsi was unable to shoot properly, but she did shoot Allan twice and me once. And then there was that one moment when I accidentally shot a statue of Buddah and we all went silent but then I nervously laughed with sweat dropping and everyone forgot about it except me.
	- The thing that I learned the most today was: I'm shadier than my shady friend Allan... that's sad. My room is a mess, my lights are always off, I sit at my computer eating chips like I'm doing right now, but normally I watch korean TV shows and I never open my window blinds whereas Allan has beads and the beads are cool since they act as doors and window shades and AHHH my PRIDE is HURT
